Add guest post on combining Flux and Pulumi (#1371)
fluxcd/website: content/en/blog/2023-02-08-flux-pulumi-superpowers.md

automation take it from there.

Recently, we added support to the operator for [using Flux
sources](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/guides/continuous-delivery/pulumi-kubernetes-operator/#using-a-flux-source). This
is a great addition to the operator, but it's not the only way Flux and Pulumi can work together.

Below I'm going to talk about how Flux and Pulumi can be combined, and the superpowers each grants
to the other.

## Adding OCI support and supply chain security to Pulumi

The support for Flux sources in the Pulumi operator gives you more ways to make your Pulumi programs
available to the operator. Notably, you can now package your program as an OCI image and push it to
an image registry, before using it with the operator. This might be appealing if you have deployment
pipelines to generate Kubernetes YAML (e.g., from [Cue](https://cuelang.org/)) or other data, before
using it in a program. It's also convenient when you're on a platform like AWS, GCP or Azure,
because these have OCI registries with useful operational features like caching, security scanning,
and so on.

But I think an even better reason for using Flux is that it can verify your sources. If you use a

> Flux source in a Pulumi stack, you can take better secure your supply chain. When you're using an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flux source in a Pulumi stack, you can take better care of your supply chain. When you're using an
```
or
```suggestion
Flux source in a Pulumi stack, you can secure your supply chain. When you're using an
```

Reviewer 2: I think we just want to remove the word "take" here. In context, Flux can better secure your supply chain by verifying cosign signatures.

```suggestion
Flux source in a Pulumi stack, you can better secure your supply chain. When you're using an
```

Author: Agreed and agreed, thanks both.
